

















An atheist asked a Christian where God comes from, and I must say the answer was a mic  drop moment.  Watch this.  I am confused.  Being philosophically consistent and being a very honest person, I'm sure you can tell  me where God came from.  In addition, once you've told me where God comes from, please try to clarify how you  can figure that a spiritual force can have an impact on a material universe to create  it.  All right, your question, where did God come from, assumes that you're thinking of the wrong, obviously it displays that you're thinking of the wrong God.  Because the God of the Bible is not affected by time, space, or matter.  If he's affected by time, space, or matter, he's not God.  Time, space, and matter is what we call a continuum.  All of them have to come into existence at the same instant.  Because if there were matter but no space, where would you put it?  If there were matter and space but no time, when would you put it?  You cannot have time, space, or matter independently.  They have to come into existence simultaneously.  The Bible answers that in ten words.  In the beginning, there's time, God created the heaven.  There's space and the earth. There's matter.  So you have time-space matter created a trinity of trinities there.  You know, time is past, present, future.  Space has length, width, height. Matter has solid, liquid, gas.  You have a trinity of trinities created instantaneously.  And the God who created them has to be outside of them.  If He's limited by time, He's not God.  The guy who created this computer is not in the computer.  He's not running around in there changing the numbers on the screen, okay?  The God who created this universe is outside of the universe.  He's above it, beyond it, in it, through it.  He's unaffected by it.  So, the concept that a spiritual force cannot have any effect on a material body,  well then, I guess you'd have to explain to me things like emotions, and love,  and hatred, and envy, and jealousy, and rationality.  I mean, if your brain is just a random collection of chemicals  that form by chance over billions of years,  how on earth can you trust your own reasoning processes  and the thoughts that you think?  your question  where did God come from  is assuming a limited God  and that's your problem  the God that I worship is not limited by time, space or matter  if I could fit the infinite God  in my three pound brain  he would not be worth worshipping  that's for certain  so that's the God that I worship  thank you

Transcribed by https://www.uniscribe.co
